>> Jen Kramer This next video is for
you Mac people only.
Windows people,
you can skip on to the next video,
which we'll talk about the same
information but for Windows.
In order to edit HTML, CSS, and
JavaScript you're going to need
a piece of software called an editor.
There are approximately 5 bajillion
kinds of editors that are out there.
Paid, free, Windows, Macintosh,
all kinds of different types of editors.
But one of the most popular ones right
now is called Visual Studio code,
and it's for Microsoft.
You can get to the website by
going to code.visualstudio.com.
And this is where you can download and
install this particular
editor on your computer.
So it should say automatically as
you arrive here on the web page,
Download for Mac.
Go on ahead and just click on that button,
and it should go ahead and
download that software for you.
>> Jen Kramer Okay, so
when it's done downloading,
mine went to my downloads folder.
I'm gonna drag it here on to the desktop
just so you can see what's happening but
you can leave the ZIP in your
downloads folder if you want.
I'm gonna go ahead and
double click on this to to unzip it,
>> Jen Kramer And once you've unzipped it,
you'll find this icon here it says,
Visual Studio Code.app.
So this is the application itself.
What you'll wanna do now, is drag that
into your applications folder, so
from here on the finder, click anywhere
on the desktop where there's no icons,
to get to your finder.
Go to Go and go ahead and
choose Applications.
This is all of the applications
that are on your Mac,
your list will be different than mine.
And then just go ahead and
drag Visual Studio Code.app right
here into your Applications.
And it'll show up down there under
V in your applications listing.
Double-click on it to open it.
>> Jen Kramer And once you have unpacked
that particular application you'll get
a message that looks something like this,
and
you're gonna wanna click the Open button
in order to open up the application.
If you have different buttons
on here with different options,
your permissions are set somewhat
differently on your computer, and
you may need to do something different.
But for most people,
this is what they'll see.
Go ahead and click Open, and
this is what you should see now.
So this is the Visual Studio Code
in the default dark theme.
And I'll show other things that
you can do with Visual Studio.
Right now, if you wanna change those
color schemes, something different
than what you see here, go to Code and
then go to Preferences, Color theme.
And this will give you an option
of many different kinds of
color schemes that you can use
to work with Visual Studio.
As you can see, up here on the top, there
are various light themes, in other words,
light background with dark text.
We're in the dark themes here, these
are the dark backgrounds with light text.
And then there's also some high contrast
themes that are down here towards
the bottom, that are very useful for
people with various sorts
of visual disabilities.
So pick a color scheme that works great
for you and feel free to change it.
I'm just gonna stick with
the default dark theme.
So if you've gotten this part,
you're doing great.
I'll show you what else to
do in the coming videos.